add section in GHE docs about configuring multiple GHE integrations (#2004)
buildkite/docs: pages/integrations/github_enterprise.md

}
```

## Multiple GitHub Enterprise integrations

> It is possible to configure multiple GitHub Enterprise integrations with your Buildkite organization, however, because of the nature of the OAuth installation, each integration *must* be configured by a different user, who has Admin permissions in both Buildkite and GitHub

Reviewer: General tightening to avoid such a long sentence:

```suggestion
You can set up multiple GitHub Enterprise integrations with your Buildkite organization. However, due to the OAuth installation requirements, each integration must be configured by a unique user. Each user must possess admin permissions in both Buildkite and GitHub.
```
